Update issue templates (#13970)
ethereum/solidity: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/documentation_issue.md

---
name: Documentation Issue

> about: Issues, deficiencies or improvements discovered on Solidity's documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Corrections, improvements or requests for new content on Solidity's documentation.
```

Reviewer 2: Whichever one you choose, it should be `improvements discovered in Solidity's documentation.`
